
User stories / tasks

1) Also cache repetitive requests using the caching interceptor to avoid making redundant API calls. (check)

1.5) Users should be reading their profile pics from S3. (check)

2) Make sure your users are authenticated when they are reading from my s3 bucket when rendering their profile pics. (check)
    If they dont have a profile pic configured instead they will read the default pic from my s3 bucket and render that instead. (check)

3) You want to use modals to confirm actions before making API calls. (check)
    - modal is used to check if the user wants to update their profile info.
    - modal is used to check if the user want to update their profile info.
    - modal is used if the user wants to check if they want to sign out of the application. 

4) Menu button in the top left corner of the page opens and closes the side panel. (check)
    - When the side panel is open:
        the current user can see his/her profile pic, first mame, last mame, display name.
        the current user will see the profile, conversation and friends button each respectively going to the profile, conversation and friends page.
    - When the side panel is closed:
        the current user can be able to see his/her profile pic and his/her initials
        the current user will see three clickable icons that lead to the profile, conversation and friends page.

5) In the conversation tab users should be able to create a new conversation or join an existing one. 
    - If the user chooses to create a new conversation:
        - User will be able to pick the name of the conversation.
        - User will be able to will be able to invite users or friends to the conversation

        If the current user chooses to invite users:
            the current user will see a search bar in which they will be able to search for users in the application.
                the user will be able to query for a subset of registered users by just partially typing their displayname in the search box.
                users are queried by displayname meaning the current user must search for the displayname of logged in users.   

            after user clicks search, the current user will be able to see a list of the returned registered users 
                and the current user will be able to select specific users from this list to invite to the conversation. 

        If the current user chooses to invite friends:
            the current user will be able to see a list of their friends whom they can invite to the converstaion
            the current user will be able to select which friend they want to invite.   

    - If the user chooses to join a conversation:
        - return a list of the conversations that the current user is already a part of.

6) Start integrating the UI chatroom in the application. 

7) Build your Web Socket API using API Gateway and Lambda and integrate it in the chatroom. 



given the users rendered attach a window resize event on the elements and then when the window is resized check the height of the div element that wraps the users's first and last name. If this height increases past its default size then increase the container's height as well. 